Okay, you go ahead and go first, Tommy.
Really...
Hmm...
Wow...
Ha... ,ha,... ha...
How long did you play for?
You're still playing? Who are your favorite violinists?
Yes.    .Have you seen that?
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Yeah, you know she's come to LA a few times
Ohhhh...
She's amazing....   Yeah...
Yeah, I think I've seen her three times.         Yeah...
No...   haaaaaaaa...
I used to play guitar a long time ago but
I really love listening to hot stages after that.
Yes....
Please...
Haaaa...    so many favorite pieces.
Hmm...
I think... (***)
I really like the, I think it's called Introduction in Redwood.
From...
I like me dandruff. (***)
Yeah... I am very like...
It's (***)
I love the carnival. You know how he has the carnival animals?
They sold the aquarium.
When I first heard it, it sounded so much like...
the beauty and the beast from Disney when you first see it.
If you go watch if you have like YouTube both of those.
and you'll be like, did they steal that means? haaaaa...
Yeah.
So I really like that piece. (***)
Yeah, know  I really like Chopin.
and by large number one...its zero (***)
That's okay. No, that's okay.
(***)Maybe we can listen to them afterwards.
yeah...
Hmm...
Oh...yeah...
Ha,ha,ha
So which pieces do you really like?
I love him. How does it go?
(***) I would love to hear you if you ever do recitals, let me know.
I'll go cheer for you.
Yes...
It's so good that you like that. What are some of your other hobbies?
Wait, you didn't thank me for how many years now?
Okay... okay...
It's something that just feeds your soul.
Hmmmmm...
Ha,... ha,... ha...
Good...
Better than... (***)
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
I don't know very much about ballet. I just know that the Nutcracker.
Ha,.. ha,.. ha..
I've never seen like this one leg
Before with...
Yeah, but what's crazy is that the only ballet that I've ever...
I can recognize the Tchaikovsky ones. Tchaikovsky?
Yeah, I know there's other composers who have done...
So you did ballet for how long?
Hmm...
And what made you like to say, Can you break from there...?
Okaay...
Hmm...
What? What was the ummm
Because I know in ballet, you have like, the positions.
Is that all ballet is? It's just like a...
of putting the different positions together.
or is there like other moves that are not the tradition?